[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragonball Z Kai...
Goku learned of his
Saiyan brother Raditz,
and for the first time,
the hero also learned what it
meant to be utterly helpless.
--[GOHAN] Daddy! Get up!
--[RADITZ] Not so fast!
So like I said...
I'll be taking your son...
And if you want
to see him alive,
you'll do what your
big brother tells you.
[NARRATOR]
Goku's battle to save
his son, begins now!
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[NARRATOR]
A Life or Death Battle!
Goku and Piccolo's
Desperate Attack
Only now that it's too
late do you understand
what it means
to face a Saiyan.
I tried to warn you, brother.
I asked you to see reason,
but you refused to listen...
and you'll pay for that.
Huh... And even if we don't,
there's still two more
Saiyans out there, right?
[PICCOLO]
So what?
Personally, I find
the prospect exciting.
Heh... Yeah... you would...
But exciting's probably not
the word I'd use right now.
To be completely honest,
I'm pretty terrified.
Heh... Yes...
I don't blame you!
But enjoy the
feeling while it lasts.
Very soon you'll
be feeling nothing at all.
I'm done listening to
this! Where's my son?!
Where have you
hidden him?! Tell me!
[RADITZ] I haven't
hidden him anywhere.
He was annoying me with his
crying, so I shut him up.
I tucked him away in my space
pod, in the crater behind you.
Huh...?
[GOKU]
In there, huh?
Gohan...
Help Daddy...!
I-I want out! Save me! Daddy!
Just hang on, Gohan...!
Daddy's gonna get you outta
there really soon, I promise!
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[RADITZ] Don't get
the boy's hopes up!
You know that's a
promise you can't keep.
You'd have to get
through me first,
and that's not
likely to happen!
Fine... Let's do this.
Good, 'cause
I'm sick of this talk!
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO AND GOKU YELL]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Geez...
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[GOKU AND PICCOLO]
Huh...?
[GOKU YELLS]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
What...? Where'd he go?!
I'm right here.
[GOKU YELLS]
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[GOKU MUMBLES]
Hey, are you okay, Piccolo?!
[GOKU YELLS]
Don't worry... It's not
as bad as it looks...
I only need one arm to fight.
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
Ridiculous! You're even
more pitiful than I thought!
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
Hey, Goku,
I suppose you don't have any
new tricks up your sleeve
that you've been
holding back?
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Yeah, I wish...
Sorry, I've got nothin'.
Hah! You've been slacking.
Lucky for you,
I've spent the last few months
perfecting a new attack.
[RADITZ]
What are you two
whispering about...
...some new "strategy",
perhaps? Please...
What say you quit wasting my
time and just give up?!
Can you do this attack
with only one arm?
[PICCOLO]
Yeah, that's
not a problem.
But I will need some time
to charge up my energy.
A few minutes,
that's all.
You'll have to find a
way to keep him occupied
until I'm ready...
You think
you can do that?
You got it.
Heh... Ironically, I'd been
saving this attack to kill you.
And now you might end up
using it to save me, huh?
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
Then consider it a preview.
If we do manage to beat
this guy, you're next.
Alright, you've got
yourself a deal.
After we win, I'll let
you take your best shot!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[GOKU YELLS]
Aren't you persistent?!
Ka...
Me...
[RADITZ] Huh...?
His power level's rising...
Ha...
Me...
[RADITZ GASPS]
[RADITZ]
What?! And his too!
His power level's shot up
to One Thousand twenty...
...and it's still climbing!
Ha!
[GOKU GRUNTS]
Fine! Let's have it!
[EXPLOSION]
He deflected it!
Neat, huh...?
Now, can you do the same?
[GOKU YELLS]
[BUZZING]
Power level...
thirteen-hundred and thirty?!
[RADITZ]
Somehow, he's concentrating
all of his energy
into his fingertips!
They've been holding back!
They can alter their
power levels at will!
Take this, Saiyan...!
Special Beam Cannon!
[RADITZ AND GOKU GASP]
[EXPLOSION]
He... He dodged it!
Congratulations.
You actually managed to
give me a little scratch...
And for that,
you will pay dearly!
[RADITZ GRUNTS]
Say goodbye!
[RADITZ SCREAMS]
Huh...?
[GOKU LAUGHS]
You let your guard down.
Now I've got
you by the tail!
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[RADITZ YELLS]
How did you manage to...
Now! Piccolo!
I've got him!
Hurry up and charge
your attack again!
Well done, Goku!
Now hold him still.
Don't let go
no matter what!
I only have enough energy to
use this technique once more.
Kakarot, please. Would you
really kill your only brother?
Your... Your own
flesh and blood?!
Shut up...! We've already
been through all this.
As far as I'm concerned,
I don't have a brother!
Especially not one
as horrible as you...
Besides, you tried
to kill me first!
[RADITZ]
Yes... Yes, you're right!
You've shown me
the error of my ways!
Let me go, and I'll leave
you and your son in peace!
[PICCOLO]
Don't be fooled,
Goku! He's lying!
He doesn't mean
a word of what he's saying!
There's no way he'll
just leave quietly now!
[RADITZ]
Please, believe me, brother!
It's true, I've done some
horrible things. I realize that.
You're right to be cautious.
I will leave as I say.
I promise. On my
life, I promise!
Do you mean that?
I do! I swear it!
[RADITZ GROANS IN AGONY]
No, Goku...!
Don't let go of his tail!
This is all a ploy!
Please, Kakarot! You have to
believe me! I'm begging you!
Goku!
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[GOKU YELLS]
You fool!
In all my travels,
I've never met anyone
as stupid as you!
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
You lied...!
Of course I did.
I'm a first-class warrior,
I do what it takes to
survive, without hesitation,
even if that means
lying to my own brother.
I'm not weak like you...
[RADITZ] This is
what happens to fools
who show mercy on
the battlefield.
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
Well go on, what
are you waiting for?
Let's see
your little attack.
Of course I can't.
He'll just dodge it again.
Huh...?
[GOHAN YELLS]
What?!
[RADITZ]
What?! What is this?!
Impossible...
[GOKU]
Gohan...!
Run...! Run away...!
Gohan! Run! Gohan! Run!
[RADITZ]
His power level...
It's at...
thirteen-oh-seven...?!
You stop hurting... my daddy!
[GOHAN YELLS]
[RADITZ YELLS]
G-Gohan...?
Daddy!
Did you...?
You're hurt daddy...?
You... You brat!
Go...! Run away!
Go, son...!
Fast as you can!
Hurry...!
Please...! Just go!
What...? You're kidding...
Now his power level has
dropped down to one?!
Yes, that's got to be it.
It changes with
his emotions.
Run, Gohan!
Gohan!
[GOKU YELLS]
No, stop...!
Don't do it, please!
He's...
He's just a...
...just a child, is that
what you're going to say?
Don't make me laugh.
This child has a far
greater power level
than either one of you.
[RADITZ] If he ever learns
to use that power,
he could become a real threat!
But don't worry, brother.
You'll see your son again...
...in the next world.
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[GOKU]
No! Wait!
[RADITZ THINKING]
To think, this puny little
brat is the first opponent
who's ever caused me any
real damage on the battlefield.
An embarrassment
I will soon erase...
[BUZZING]
[RADITZ YELLS]
Why, you little...
[GOKU]
Piccolo! Quick! Your attack!
Do it! Do it now!
Finally! It's about time
you decided to make your move!
Now... hold him!
It's almost ready!
[GOKU]
Hurry, Piccolo!
I can't keep
this up for long!
Are you really
this stupid?! Let go...!
If you're behind
me when he fires,
the blast will hit you too!
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Then I guess that's the way
it's gonna have to be.
What...?! Are you insane?!
Your son...!
Think about him!
[GOKU] I am...! This is
the only way to defeat you!
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
Alright, Goku...
If that's what you want,
I won't hold back.
I've been trying to get you out
of the way for a long time.
I won't pass up this chance!
Wait! Please let me go!
I was wrong, I'm sorry!
Release me...
I'll leave this planet!
Right... Forget it.
I won't fall for that again.
I mean it
this time! Please...!
Don't you trust the word
of your own brother?
[GOKU]
Piccolo! Hurry up!
[BUZZING]
[PICCOLO] Sorry to keep you
waiting... Are you ready, Goku?
Do it!
Right!
Stop...!
Special Beam Cannon!
[RADITZ SCREAMS]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
N-N-No...!
[GOKU LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
How did... this happen?
How could I lose...
to these... fools?
Kakarot... I didn't
think... he'd do it...
that... he'd really
sacrifice... himself...
Don't worry. I doubt Goku
will stay gone for long.
[RADITZ] What?!
[PICCOLO]
You heard me. On this planet,
we have these things
called the Dragon Balls.
Gather all seven,
and together they have
the power to grant any wish.
I'm sure Goku's friends will use
'em to wish him back.
[RADITZ]
You're gloating.
Still... I... thank you
for the information.
Ha... ha...
Everything that's
happened here today...
...has been transmitted
to my two Saiyan comrades,
deep in outer space.
What?
When they learn that
I've been beaten...
[RADITZ COUGHS]
they'll come...
to... avenge me...
[RADITZ]
They'll wipe you out...
...you... and every living
thing on this planet!
You won't have a chance.
You're as good
as gone already!
The other Saiyans... When...?
When will they be here?
One year...
One short year...
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
Two of them...
even stronger... than him?
How sweet does...
that victory taste now?
[PICCOLO GRUNTS ANGRILY]
They'll... soon have
you writhing...
...in agony like
the worms you are.
[RADITZ LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[PICCOLO] You thought
that was funny, huh?
Well, we'll just see
who has the last laugh
when it's all said and done.
It's over. He's gone.
[BULMA] Oh no... Only one
of them's still standing!
Who...?
Which one is it?
It's Piccolo!
Hmph... Raditz...
Got himself killed.
[VEGETA]
Serves him right.
If he can't handle a
couple of puny fighters
with power levels less
than a thousand...
So what now...?
Should we put this planet on
hold and head for Earth?
Did you catch
the last bit?
Those things...
"Dragon Balls", I believe?
Yeah... They said they
could grant any wish, right?
I'd say that's
worth investigating.
Maybe we can bring
Raditz back to life.
Is that a joke?
Why would we waste a wish
on that worthless scum?
[VEGETA] If the story is true,
we can have anything we want.
Immortality. Eternal youth.
Think you could live with those?
We could be the most unstoppable
force in the universe.
I like it.
Yeah, I'm in!
[NAPPA LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
That's everything.
--[KRILLIN] Goku!
--[ROSHI] Ah... I see.
Goku! C'mon...
you with me?!
[KRILLIN] Can ya'
hear me, buddy? Oh no!
I think Gohan's
gonna be okay...
Looks like he just got
knocked for a loop.
[ROSHI EXHALES HEAVILY]
[GOKU]
Good... He's safe.
--[KRILLIN] Hey, man...
--[ROSHI] Goku!
Chichi'd... prob'ly kill
me... if he got hurt.
Oh, Goku...
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[GOKU] K-Krillin...
Please... take... take care
of... Go-Gohan for me.
Yeah... sure buddy. But it's not
going to that... okay?
You're going to make it!
And that is all there is to it!
No... No,
not this time.
I'm too...
far gone.
Well...
don't you worry...
We'll find the Dragon Balls
and wish you back!
[GOKU LAUGHS]
--Sounds...
--[EVERYONE GASPS]
Goku... Goku!!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
Wow, so I'm really
in Other World, huh?
[KING YEMMA] What?
You want permission to
go train with King Kai?
[GOKU]
Whoa! It's King Yemma!
[KING YEMMA]
Hmm... Well, I suppose
you can go if you must.
But it won't be easy!
Don't blame me if
you fall off Snake Way!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragonball Z Kai:
Run in the Afterlife, Goku!
The One Million
Mile Snake Way!
[GOHAN] Daddy! The mean,
green man is scaring me!
I wanna go home!